Move to CUDA 11.4 build (#3109)
NVIDIA/DALI: docs/compilation.rst

Change directory (``cd``) into ``docker`` directory and run ``./build.sh``. If needed,
set the following environment variables:

* | CUDA_VERSION - CUDA toolkit version (10.2 and 11.4 are offiically supported, 10.0, 11.0, 11.1,
    11.2 and 11.3 are deprecated and may not work).
  | The default is ``11.4``. Thanks to CUDA extended compatibility mode, CUDA 11.1, 11.2, 11.3

>     and 11.34wheels are named as CUDA 11.0 because it can work with the CUDA 11.0 R450.x driver

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    and 11.4 wheels are named as CUDA 11.0 because it can work with the CUDA 11.0 R450.x driver
```

Author: Done
